Add note about enable-query and enable-status (#37300)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/minecraft_server.markdown

[Minecraft](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us) is a sandbox video game developed by Mojang Studios. Minecraft servers allow players to play the game online or via a local area network with other players. The **Minecraft Server** integration lets you retrieve information from a Minecraft server within Home Assistant. Both **Java Edition** and **Bedrock Edition** servers are supported.

## Prerequisites

> - Minecraft Java Edition servers must be version 1.7 or newer since older versions don't expose any information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minecraft Java Edition servers must be version 1.7 or newer, since older versions don't expose any information.
```

> {% important %}
> Minecraft Java Edition servers must be version 1.7 or newer, since older versions don't expose any information.
> 
> The `enable-status` and `enable-query` must be set to `true` in the Minecraft `server.properties`.
> {% endimportant %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

- Minecraft Java Edition servers must be version 1.7 or newer since older versions don't expose any information.
- The `enable-status` and `enable-query` must be set to `true` in the Minecraft `server.properties`.
```
We usually add a Prerequisite section to list things that have to be done/requirements that have to be met beforehand
